Coding Challenge Refresh (#1)
noyo-technologies/backend-coding-challenge: docs/cheat_sheet.md

# Debugging with print statments
```python
# print to console with flask app
app.logger.info("some string")
```

# Curl Commands
```sh
# PUT
curl -X PUT \
  http://localhost:3000/api/persons/8abbc8e0-7039-4988-8a20-e6c1e1b3bb2f/segment \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "start_date": "2021-04-15",
    "end_date": "2021-08-15",
    "city": "San Francisco",
    "state": "CA",
    "zip_code": "94911"
  }'

# GET
curl http://localhost:3000/api/persons
```

# Marshmallow
Marshmallow is an ORM/ODM/framework-agnostic library for converting complex datatypes, such as objects, to and from native Python datatypes.

```python
class ArtistSchema(Schema):
    name = fields.Str(required=True)

@app.route("/api/some_route", methods=["POST"])
@use_args(ArtistSchema())
def some_route(payload: dict):
    # marshmallow will validate the incomming POST payload, 
    # ensuring that there is a valid string value.
    return payload["name"]
```

> # Flask SQL Alchemy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Flask SQLAlchemy
```

> We use sqlalchemy at noyo but do not expect that to have worked with it, as such here is the simple crash course on it. Please note that no sqlalchemy code is required to solve any of the problems or extenstions. This is here solely for your reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) at Noyo, but do not expect you to have worked with it, as such here is the simple crash course on it. Please note that no advanced SQLAlchemy code is required to solve any of the problems or extensions. For example, in lieu of using the `.filter_by` syntax feel free to load models into memory and to filter using pure Python. 
```
